pop menu is the company
They've done a lot of market research
The offer a lot of saas tools
Marketing tools
They are multi regional 
Make it very easy to find your website through SEO
Make the website good at collecting customer information
Stay on the website for a long period of time
what is SEO:
googling 'sliders in detroit'
-- hard to find tims business 
-- literally couldn't find it 
googling fried chicken sandwiches in detroit
-- thats where you wanna be in one of the top spots

each menu item is its own webpage
^ dad liked this one
the keywords for each webpage would be a seperate set of keywords
Google should be able to read and index each menu item separately
took a website from page five to page one in seven months

collecting email addresses is a huge part of their selling
They have a saas tool that they call the backend 
where you can automate emails which they call ai marketing 
people that are successful are just exploring the 
frequency of when they market to their customers

This guy is very empathetic and very good at listening
Then he talks about how the product can solve the problem
repeat the problem back to the customer
then talk about how the product can solve the problem

associate the keywords with the intention of the busines
find the direction he wants to go and then associate the
keywords with that direction

you can get keywords from the reviews left on the website 
associate with more braud terms and keywords

the more pages you have, the more keywords you can have
the more keywords you have, the more likely you are to be found
the more likely you are to be found, the more likely you are to make a sale

catering orders on the website
huge revenue stream to explore
ratings and reviews right next to the menu items

They are ghost banning peoples reviews


cluckcluckschicken.com
cholitalinda.com
thesmokeandfire.com
capobelmont.com
burmalove.co

Dad's business:
Dad's been in business for 5 years now.
He wants a physical location to be able to do 
carry out orders and storage.
He wants to be abel to connect to the right 
customers.
He's done extremely well in the past 5 years.
Last year he sold 20k units.
Wants to expand to online orders and delivery.
But feels he can't do that because he doesn't have a physical location.
Needs the right social media person or tool to be able to 
utilize social media to reach the right customers.
already has a good calendar set up on the website
but most of the business is private events so it doesn't 
make a lot of sense to have a calendar on the website.
public events are very good for word of mouth.
coorporate events are very good for business.
seasonal business. works until mid dec, doesnt open back up 
until march.
could work in the winter but it's rare and hasn't been great
due to the weather.
Not doing much for about 3 months out of the year.
Not doing much to reach out to customers after they've 
tried the food.
does a lot of cold calling to previous customers
more interest in doing coorporate catering specifically 
currently gets contacted through word of mouth
if there's a market to be tapped in the time off 
he would like to do that, he's willing to work those off
months if there's a market to be tapped
wants a better more engaging website that promotes more business
would like a need a review section
would like a leave a deposit
has a problem where he can't automate review requests
without an address



